# VehicleTracker 

<strong>Spring MVC C.R.U.D. Refactor using Database (Week 8 Project)</strong>


Hello and welcome, I am Toland Gooch. This week’s project was  refactored using MySQL database to development farther on inproving the interactiviness of the week 7 project. This refactor still uses CRUD (Create, read, update, and delete) method of Java, Spring MVC, and MySQL. This same as before was a solo project. On the refactor, I added the use of MySQL to house and link to a database to assist with the management and storage of information need for this project. I used Java ( servlets and JSPs) and used Spring MVC. Spring MVC is a model-view-controller. Spring MVC allow me to use more flexible and loosely coupled web applications to meet the task of this project. I used Git as a version controller for my project and GitHub as a place to store the changes as I updated of refactored my project. I will be using Amazon AWS as a cloud source to  test and display my project. With this project, the data was stored on a MySQL server. The links and assignments of the storage locations for data within the MySQL database had to be worked out prior to startingt to create that database tables. This pre-planning gave me the ability to have a clearer picture of what field I would be using and to which table some fields would be better located to. Stumbling points for me this go around was ensure labels within my java code was correctly directed to the correct fields in the database.  

AWS: http:tolandgooch.com:8080/VehicleMaintenanceTracker

<strong>Spring MVC C.R.U.D. (Week 7 Project)</strong>


Hello and welcome, I am Toland Gooch. This week’s project was to development an interactive program that would use CRUD (Create, read, update, and delete) method of Java and Spring MVC. This was a solo project and I was tasked to select an individual topic that I could develop. We were instructed to use all the tools and skills that we had build upon since the first day of the boot camp. I used a combination of programs and technologies to complete this project. I used Java ( servlets and JSPs) and used Spring MVC. Spring MVC is a model-view-controller. Spring MVC allow me to use more flexible and loosely coupled web applications to meet the task of this project. I used Git as a version controller for my project and GitHub as a place to store the changes as I updated of refactored my project. I will be using Amazon AWS as a cloud source to  test and display my project. This project is light and I in the future look to add additional items to this project that I was not able to add at this time. With this project, the data was stored in a .cvs file. I would like to build upon the project once I have learned about databases. this will give the project great capabilities and the information field could grow to greater usability. As I typed in the code on the fly, I had to make sure as I was coding to logically and continually think about the actions I wanted the code to perform and how. This did become a stumbling point for me as I had a most thing working be a refactor caused others not to working. 

AWS: http:tolandgooch.com:8080/VehicleMaintenanceTracker
